
INTRODUCTION
Agile itself, the methodology, is not just one methodology, it's actually a family of methodologies. It includes scrum which quite often more times than not is the base methodology or the foundation.Capacity allocation or use allocation is a big part of the planning of Agile. Again, improved planning for the development effort and improved project management. Our agile methodologies, again, address working iteratively in customer involvement. The customer needs to work with the agile team regularly, every day. We want to take complex tasks and break them down into smaller tasks. A key part is building a solution that is working no matter how small. That is important because we need to demonstrate to everybody with an objective result. That's the only true way that we're going to get the most accurate feedback and get the best suggestions or direction for moving forward. Scheduled time boxing, so important too.


Agile Manifesto Values
    - Individuals and interactions over processes and tools
    - Working software over comprehensive documentation
    - Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
    - Responding to change over following a plan


PRINCIPLES OF AGILE MANIFESTO
Our highest priority is to satisfy the customerthrough early and continuous delivery of valuable software.

Welcome changing requirements, even late indevelopment. Agile processes harness change for the customer's competitive advantage.

Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference to the shorter timescale.

Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project.

Build projects around motivated individuals.Give them the environment and support they need, and trust them to get the job done.

The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team is face-to-face conversation.

Working software is the primary measure of progress.

Agile processes promote sustainable development.The sponsors, developers, and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.

Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances agility.

Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential.

The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams.

At regular intervals, the team reflects on how to become more effective, then tunes and adjusts its behavior accordingly.
 
