Scrum Pillars:

Agile Manifesto and the values and the principles of the Agile Manifesto are still part of Scrum. However, Scrum layers on some pillars :
  1)Transparency
  2)Inspection
  3)Adaptation
 

Scrum Values:
A team's success with scrum depends on five values: 
 1)commitment
 2)courage
 3)focus
 4)openness
 5)respect


Scrum Roles

Product backlog - is the requirement / product required by the customer/client
Sprint backlog - is the product divided into various parts which when combined will give potentially shippable product

Scrum Team
The Scrum team performs the analysis and design of the User Stories. The team collaborates on solution design and approach. The Scrum team is cross functional and self-organizing.
Cross functional refers to the fact that all members of the team can assist each other in some way if needed. It does not mean the team members share the same skill set. 

Some Scrum team responsibilities:

Breakdown the User Stories in the Product Backlog.

Collaborate the with the Product Owner and Scrum Master.

Collaborate with other teams if needed.

Architect and design how the product is built.

Build the Product User Stories.

Integrate team work using DevOps.

Test the User Stories Built.

Deploy the Product.



Scrum team as a whole, this includes the developers and any members of the development team in addition to the product owner and the scrum master. They define the word meaning they take the tasks that are in the backlog the stories that are in the backlog, and they break them down in to deliverable very well understood user stories and they do this in conjunction and in collaboration with the product owner. They build the solution meaning they make it executable. They test it, and they deliver the work. The Scrum Master facilitates the scrum process. 

Scrum Master Roles
1. Coach team members 
2. Host daily stand-up meetings
3.Assist the product owner with the product backlog
4. Remove roadblocks
5.Teach Scrum practices and principles


The Scrum Master

Scrum master can be defined as SERVANT LEADER , as one who works for client and removing bloackages but also coaches the team to reach to the goal.
The Scrum Master has also been called a coach. This is true. The Scrum Master is the coach of the Scrum process. Often the Scrum Master is compared to a Project Manager. It may surprise you that the Scrum Master is not the team’s Project Manager. It is true that some of the Scrum Master role’s leadership aspects are Project Managerial in nature. The Scrum Master facilitates the Scrum meetings, motivates the team and supports the team to meet their goal. The team’s ultimate goal is a working solution increment at the end of the sprint.

A great Scrum Master also has a variety of soft skills. Scrum Master soft skills include: creativity, dealing with conflict, persuasion, a great collaborator, adaptive and emotional intelligence. Scrum teams can come with layers of complexity, including social relationship complexity. A great Scrum Master will know how to get the best out of the team despite the emotional challenges.

Scrum Master Facilitation
The Scrum Master facilitates the Scrum events:
Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospectives or even a Product Backlog refinement session.

Product Owner
The Product Owner is the voice of the customer and (important) a member of the team. The Product Owner prioritizes the team’s work by prioritizing the User Stories in the Product Backlog. One of the greatest advantages of Scrum is that when the team has a question about the development activity or feature, the Product Owner is available to provide answer. This is a big improvement over the team simply interpreting the requirements document and guessing what the requirement means. Guessing at the meaning of a requirement is a path to low customer satisfaction and rework.

